Q)Write a program to accept a String from the command prompt and display whether the string is a palindrome or not.
Q)Write a program to find greatest number in an array
Q)Write a program to sort a numeric array element in ascending order

Q)Write a program to create a class Book with the following 
- attributes:
      -isbn, title, author, price
  - methods :
       i. Initialize the data members through parameterized constructor
       ii. displaydetails() to display the details of the book
       iii. discountedprice() : pass the discount percent, calculate the discount on price and find the amount to be paid after discount
  - task : 
     Create an object book, initialize the book and display the details along with the discounted price

from Athma M to everyone:    1:19 PM
Q)Write a program to create a class Vehicle with the following
 - attributes :
    Regno, brand, price, mileage
 - methods :
    i. constructor to initialize the vehicles
   ii. display function to display the details of the vehicles
  iii. return only the price of the vehicle
 - task :
Create 2 vehicles, enter the details. Display the vehicle with lowest price and display the vehicle with best mileage


Q)Given a java class EmployeeMain, which accepts four parameters from the command line. 
Employee Name, dept, designation and basic salary. 
These inputs are passed to the object of a class called Employee through its constructor and these details are stored within instance variables of the class. 
There is a method called employeeDetails within Employee class, which prints the Name, dept and designation of the employee. 
Employee class is extended by two classes Manager and Clerk. 
Manager class contains a method called calculateSalary, where salary is calculated as 10 times basic. 
Similarly Clerk class contains a method called calculateSalary which calculates the salary as 3 times of basic.

from Athma M to everyone:    1:22 PM
class EmployeeMain {
    public static void main(String [] args) {
        String name = args[0];
        String dept = args[1];
        String desig = args[2];
        String basic = Integer.parseInt(args[3]);
        if(dept.equals("Mgr"))
            Manager x1 = new Manager(name,dept,desig,basic);
        else
            Clerk x1 = new Clerk(name,dept,desig,basic);
    
        x1.employeeDetails();
        x1.calculateSalary();
    }
}